PEP 1: Update language on PEP-Delegate field (#2256)
python/peps: pep-0001.txt

The final authority for PEP approval is the Steering Council. However, whenever
a new PEP is put forward, any core developer that believes they are suitably
experienced to make the final decision on that PEP may offer to serve as

> the PEP-Delegate (BDFL-Delegate) for that PEP, and they will then have the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the PEP-Delegate for that PEP, and they will then have the
```

authority to approve (or reject) that PEP. 

> The term "PEP-Delegate" will be used under the Steering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The term "PEP-Delegate" is used under the Steering
```

model) and BDFL-Delegate, may be used interchangeably in discussion.
The term "PEP-Delegate" will be used under the Steering

> Council governance model. The PEP's designated decision maker,

Reviewer: The second sentence is a stronger phrasing than the first ("will be used" vs "preferred term"). I'd suggest keeing the latter, and moving the explanation that the terms mean the same thing to the end of the paragraph.

> PEPs written prior to the Steering Council's governance model, the field name,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PEPs written prior to the Steering Council's governance model, the field name
```

"BDFL-Delegate" will still be kept.

> The terms, PEP-Delegate (preferred term under the Steering Council governance 
> model) and BDFL-Delegate, may be used interchangeably in discussion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The terms PEP-Delegate and BDFL-Delegate may be used interchangeably in 
discussion. PEP-Delegate is the preferred term under the Steering Council 
governance model.
```

Reviewer 2: I might restructure this a bit to mention PEP-Delegate first and BDFL-Delegate as a legacy alias that should be understood to mean the same thing, but it's not terribly important.

> "BDFL-Delegate" will still be kept but the field means "PEP-Delegate".

Reviewer 3: We actually ended up changing this, and new PEPs use the PEP-Delegate field:
```
pep-0639.rst:PEP-Delegate: Paul Moore <p.f.moore at gmail.com>
pep-0641.rst:PEP-Delegate: Pablo Galindo <pablogsal@python.org>
pep-0656.rst:PEP-Delegate: Paul Moore <p.f.moore@gmail.com>
pep-0658.rst:PEP-Delegate: Donald Stufft <donald@stufft.io>
pep-0665.rst:PEP-Delegate: Paul Moore <p.f.moore@gmail.com>
```

Reviewer: Should we note that the PEP-Delegate field is used with the advent of the SC model, but BDFL-Delegate is a legacy alias? (Just ensuring we explain what both mean, as I think it is unlikely we will mass update all old PEPs to use PEP-Delegate.)

Author: Good suggestion. Nope, we don't want to update the old PEPs.

Reviewer 2: > Should we note that the PEP-Delegate field is used with the advent of the SC model, but BDFL-Delegate is a legacy alias? (Just ensuring we explain what both mean, as I think it is unlikely we will mass update all old PEPs to use PEP-Delegate.)

:+1: That's also the approach taken in other governance-related PEPs that mention this.

The final authority for PEP approval is the Steering Council. However, whenever
a new PEP is put forward, any core developer that believes they are suitably
experienced to make the final decision on that PEP may offer to serve as
the PEP-Delegate for that PEP, and they will then have the
authority to approve (or reject) that PEP. 

> The term "PEP-Delegate" is used under the Steering
> Council governance model. The PEP's designated decision maker,
> the "PEP-Delegate" with the Steering Council's support, is
> recorded in the "PEP-Delegate" field in the PEP's header. For

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The term "PEP-Delegate" is used under the Steering Council governance model
for the PEP's designated decision maker, as accepted by the Steering Council,
and recorded in the "PEP-Delegate" field in the PEP's header. For
```

I found the wording here a little choppy, redundant and hard to parse, and suggest a bit of a restructuring to improve this.

> PEPs written prior to the Steering Council's governance model, the field name

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
PEPs written prior to the Steering Council governance model, the field name
```

Nitpick, but the possessive implies that the Steering Council owns/posses the governance model, as opposed to itself being the name of the governance model

"BDFL-Delegate" will still be kept.

> The terms PEP-Delegate and BDFL-Delegate may be used interchangeably in 
> discussion. PEP-Delegate is the preferred term under the Steering Council 
> governance model.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The term "BDFL-Delegate" is a legacy alias for PEP-Delegate, stemming from
the time when Python was led by a BDFL, but otherwise has the same meaning.
```

This emphasizes that BDFL-Delegate is a legacy alias and explains its origin, while being simpler and more direct and with less choppiness.

Individuals offering to serve as PEP-Delegate should notify the Steering
Council, PEP authors and PEP sponsor of their intent to self-nominate.

> Individuals taking on this responsibility are free to seek

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Those taking on this responsibility are free to seek
```

Avoid repetition
